[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: JUST THEN, A GUNMEN’S
BIG MITTS CAME AT ME!
YEAH, THE MIGHTY KAMINA WAS IN A
TIGHT SPOT!
BUT WHAT SAVED ME WAS LAGANN,
THAT MY BLOOD BROTHER SIMON
WAS PILOTING!
HE SHOUTED, "DON’T EVEN THINK
ABOUT TOUCHING MY BROTHER," AND
THEN HIS DRILL SHATTERED THE
GUNMEN’S HAND!
THANK YOU, MY FRIEND!
MY BROTHER!
THEN LAGANN OPENED ITS HATCH,
AND THIS IS WHAT I TOLD THE
BEASTMAN INSIDE...
"HEY, ANIMAL"...
>> Yoko: SO HOW COME THE OTHER
HERO’S LOOKING SO DISTANT?
>> Simon: "HERO"?
NO, I’M NO HERO.
>> Yoko: HEY.
SO TELL ME, IS HE OKAY?
>> Simon: YOU MEAN BRO?
>> Yoko: YEAH, ALL HE WANTED TO
DO WAS TO GET TO THE SURFACE SO
HE COULD BE REUNITED WITH HIS
FATHER.
BUT INSTEAD HE FINDS OUT HE’S
BEEN DEAD ALL THIS TIME, AND
THAT SHOULD’VE COME AS A SHOCK.
SO WHY’S HE PRETENDING NOT
TO CARE?
>> Simon: I DON’T THINK
THAT’S IT.
IT’S NOT JUST ABOUT SEEING HIS
DAD AGAIN.
SEE, HE’S HATED HIMSELF FOR NOT
BEING ABLE TO GO WITH HIM WHEN
HE WAS A KID.
BUT NOW HE’S A MAN, AND HE
CAN GO.
THAT’S WHY HE WANTED TO SEE HIM.
>> Yoko: DOESN’T THAT STILL MEAN
HE WANTED TO BE REUNITED WITH
HIS DAD?
>> Simon: NO, IT’S DIFFERENT!
TOTALLY DIFFERENT!
I THINK.
>> Yoko: I’M HAVING A HARD TIME
UNDERSTANDING.
>> Simon: SORRY, BUT IT’S NOT
EASY TO PUT IT INTO WORDS.
>> Yoko: SURE. THANKS ANYWAY.
I HOPE HE’S REALLY OKAY.
SORRY I ASKED SUCH A WEIRD
THING.
[Boota grunts]
>> Simon: THIS TURNED OUT GREAT!
>> Kamina: YUP, THEY COMBINED
ALL THREE OF THOSE GUNMEN.
>> Yoko: HEY, WHAT’S WITH THAT
LOGO ON YOUR BACK?
>> Kamina: YA LIKE IT?!
THAT’S THE LOGO FOR TEAM GURREN,
BABY!
>> Yoko: YEAH, SO ANYWAY, I’M
GONNA GO HUNTING FOR A BIT.
YOU WANNA COME ALONG WITH ME?
>> Kamina: SAY WHAT?!
BUT IF GUNMEN SHOW UP WHILE
WE’RE GONE, WHO’S GONNA HELP OUT
HERE?
>> Yoko: I DON’T THINK ANY MORE
OF ’EM ARE GONNA COME TODAY.
THOSE THINGS ONLY COME AROUND IN
THE MORNING.
>> Kamina: YEAH?
WHAT’S UP WITH THAT?
>> Yoko: THEY SEEM TO HAVE A SET
OF RULES THAT THEY OPERATE BY.
AND WE HAVE TO FIND OURSELVES
SOME FOOD AND WATER, SO WE DO IT
WHEN THERE’S NO FIGHTING
GOING ON.
SO DO YOU THINK YOU COULD GIVE
ME A LIFT?
>> Kamina: YEAH, SURE.
SIMON, LET’S GET GOING!
>> Simon: HUH?
YOU WANT ME TO GO?
ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT ME TO
TAG ALONG?
>> Yoko: YEAH, I GUESS.
>> Kamina: OKAY, SO LET ME GET
THIS STRAIGHT.
ARE ALL THOSE WEAPONS FROM
YOUR VILLAGE?
>> Yoko: YUP. FOR GENERATIONS,
IT STOOD GUARD ABOVE A FORBIDDEN
STOREHOUSE.
ONE DAY, POISON GAS STARTED
LEAKING OUT OF THE STOREHOUSE,
AND OUR VILLAGE BECAME
UNINHABITABLE.
SEE, LITTNER VILLAGE WAS REALLY
A WEAPONS CACHE THAT WAS BUILT
CENTURIES AGO.
GO FIGURE, RIGHT?
>> Kamina: SO THAT’S WHAT MADE
YOU GUYS COME TO THE SURFACE,
HUH?
>> Yoko: PRETTY MUCH.
THE WEAPONS ARE WHAT DROVE US
OUT FROM THE UNDERGROUND, AND
IT’S THOSE SAME WEAPONS THAT
ARE HELPING US FIGHT THE GUNMEN.
CAN YOU SAY "IRONIC?"
[creature yelps]
GOT IT!
THIS RIFLE’S POWERED BY
ELECTRICITY, AND IT’S GREAT,
’CAUSE I CAN SWAP OUT BULLETS
FOR THESE ARROWS.
>> Kamina: WOW,
YOU’RE PRETTY GOOD.
>> Yoko: GOOD NOTHING, I’M THE
BEST SHOT IN THE WHOLE VILLAGE.
THAT’S WHY I’M ALLOWED TO TAKE
THIS THING OUT.
HOW ’BOUT IT?
YOU WANNA TRY TAKING A SHOT?
>> Kamina: YEAH, YOU KNOW IT!
>> Simon: AH!
>> Kamina: YEAH, GOT IT!
>> Yoko: NICE SHOT.
>> Kamina: AH! THERE YOU ARE.
[laughs]
WHAT THE...
TWO ARROWS?
[gunshot]
>> Viral: I’M IMPRESSED, HUMAN.
>> Kamina: WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
>> Viral: I’M WITH THE HUMAN
ERADICATION FORCES,
FAR EAST THEATER.
COMMANDER VIRAL!
>> Kamina: SAY WHAT?
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT?
>> Viral: THERE ARE TWO THINGS
YOU NEED TO KNOW.
FIRST: THE HUMAN ERADICATION
FORCES ELIMINATE ALL HUMANS
WHO COME TO THE SURFACE.
SECOND: THAT IS MY DINNER, AND
YOU WILL RETURN IT TO ME NOW.
>> Kamina: GOSH, I’M EVER
SO SORRY.
HERE! YOU WANT IT, IT’S YOURS,
TAKE IT!
[creature wails]
>> Viral: DAMN THING’S
STILL ALIVE!
[empty barrels click]
WHERE DO YOU‐‐
>> Kamina: YOU THINK I’M
GONNA RUN?
DON’T INSULT ME!
WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM?
I’M KAMINA OF TEAM GURREN, BABY!
AND I NEVER RUN FROM MY ENEMIES!
>> Viral: YOUR PATHETIC BRAVADO
WILL GET YOU KILLED.
YOU FIGHT WELL, BUT YOU’RE JUST
AN AMATEUR AT SWORDPLAY!
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK YOU’RE A
MATCH FOR A TRAINED SOLDIER?!
>> Kamina: DUMB‐ASS!
REAL MEN DON’T THINK, THEY ACT!
>> Viral: WHAT WAS‐‐
>> Kamina: DAMN!
SLIPPERY CREEP DODGED IT.
>> Viral: SO YOU WOUNDED ME.
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
BUT SNEAK ATTACKS ONLY WORK
ONE TIME.
SO NOW WHAT?
>> Kamina: HMPH.
>> Viral: FOR YOU, IT’S OVER!
>> Simon: LOOK OUT, BRO!
>> Kamina: GOOD ONE, SIMON!
NICE SAVE.
>> Simon: I CAME WHEN I HEARD
THE SHOOTING!
>> Viral: A TINY GUNMEN?
>> Yoko: HE SAW ME FROM
DOWN THERE?
>> Viral: HA! A REBEL FACTION.
PERFECT TIMING.
[gunfire]
>> Yoko: NOT GOOD.
SIMON! KAMINA!
>> Simon: YOKO!
>> Yoko: YOU’RE HURT!
ARE YOU OKAY?
>> Kamina: YEAH, BUT RIGHT NOW,
I NEED TO GET TO GURREN.
THAT S. O. B.’S GOT HIS OWN
GUNMEN, SO I’M GONNA TAKE HIM ON
WITH MINE, GUNMEN TO GUNMEN!
>> Simon: OVER HERE, BRO!
>> Kamina: HEY, HOW’D YOU GET IN
HERE?
>> Yoko: LEERON CALIBRATED IT
FOR US.
THIS WAY, THE THREE OF US
CAN STAY IN TOUCH WITH EACH
OTHER DURING A FIGHT.
>> Simon: SO WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
>> Kamina: WE KICK HIS ASS.
THAT’S WHAT I’M TALKIN’ ABOUT!
>> Simon: WE DO?
BUT HE SEEMS A LOT TOUGHER
THAN PRETTY MUCH ANYTHING WE’VE
EVER FOUGHT BEFORE.
>> Kamina: DON’T BE SCARED,
SIMON.
YOU GOT LAGANN, DON’T YOU?
YOU GOT YOUR DRILL, RIGHT?
>> Simon: YEAH, BUT‐‐
>> Kamina: THEN LET’S GO.
>> Viral: THERE’VE BEEN REPORTS
OF HUMANS STEALING GUNMEN.
THAT’S THE REASON I WAS CALLED
HERE.
I’LL HAVE THIS WRAPPED UP BEFORE
DINNER.
>> Kamina: "GUNMEN"?!
UH‐UH, THAT’S WAY TOO LAME TO BE
ITS NAME.
THIS IS MY GURREN!
AND BY THE WAY, WHO THE HELL DO
YOU THINK YOU ARE, HAVING TWO
FACES LIKE THAT, YOU
COCKY BASTARD?!
>> Viral: OH, THAT.
IT’S TRADITIONAL FOR A WARRIOR
TO HAVE A CRESTED HELMET.
BUT YOU’RE JUST A LOWLY HUMAN.
HOW DARE YOU LECTURE ME ON
SUCH THINGS!
>> Kamina: YOU NEED TO MAKE UP
YOUR MIND!
ARE YOU HUMAN OR ANIMAL?!
>> Viral: YOU TALK A GOOD GAME,
HUMAN, BUT YOUR MECHA SKILLS
NEED IMPROVEMENT!
>> Yoko: KAMINA, NO!
SIMON!
GET IN THERE, I’LL COVER YOU!
>> Simon: AHH!
[Yoko screams]
>> Kamina: YOKO, GET BACK!
SIMON!
LET’S DO THE YOU‐KNOW‐WHAT!
>> Simon: YOU GOT IT, BRO!
CHEW ON THIS!
"PERFECT COMBUSTION OF MANLY
SOULS" CANNONBALL ATTACK!
>> Viral: HOW PATHETIC.
>> Simon: AHH!
>> Viral: DON’T YOU REMEMBER
WHAT I TOLD YOU ABOUT
SNEAK ATTACKS?
THEY ONLY WORK ONCE!
>> Yoko: SIMON! KAMINA!
THEY’RE GONNA GET KILLED!
>> Viral: IT’S OVER.
NOW DIE!
THEY’RE GONE?
I SEE THEY’VE MASTERED THE ART
OF RUNNING AWAY.
NO MATTER.
I’LL WRAP THIS UP TOMORROW.
[drilling]
[sighs]
[Boota grunts lazily]
>> Kamina: SIMON, WHY’D YOU
DRILL A TUNNEL?
>> Simon: I WAS SCARED.
I WANTED TO RUN AWAY.
I DON’T WANNA DO THIS ANY MORE.
LET’S GO BACK TO OUR VILLAGE.
THEY’RE TOUGHER THAN US.
WE CAN’T HANDLE THIS ON OUR OWN.
I DON’T WANT TO DIE.
AND I DON’T WANT TO SEE YOU
DIE EITHER.
IF THIS KEEPS UP, YOU’RE GONNA
END UP LIKE YOUR DAD.
>> Kamina: SIMON, YOUR DRILL IS
MEANT TO DIG TOWARDS
THE HEAVENS!
IT’S NOT FOR RUNNING AWAY.
YOU GOT THAT?
>> Simon: BUT I...
>> Kamina: TOMORROW’S THE FINAL
SHOWDOWN, SO I’M GETTING TO BED.
YOU SHOULD TOO.
[Boota whimpers]
>> Yoko: LET ME PILOT LAGANN.
I CAN PILOT THAT THING TOMORROW
INSTEAD OF SIMON.
IF I DON’T, NEXT TIME, YOU’LL BE
KILLED FOR SURE.
I’LL HAVE RON CALIBRATE IT SO
THAT I CAN OPERATE IT.
LOOK, WHEN IT COMES TO COMBAT,
I’M MORE USED TO IT THAN HIM.
SIMON’S NOT THE FIGHTING TYPE,
HE JUST CAN’T HANDLE
THE PRESSURE.
YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED TODAY!
HE RAN!
>> Kamina: SIMON WILL
PULL THROUGH.
>> Yoko: WHY WOULD HE?
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?
WHY DO YOU HAVE SUCH FAITH
IN HIM?
>> Kamina: I KNOW.
IT DOESN’T MAKE SENSE.
>> Yoko: WHAT IS IT, THEN?
>> Kamina: YOU SEE IT’S ALL
THE SAME.
I HAVE FAITH IN HIM BECAUSE I
HAVE FAITH IN ME.
BECAUSE I CAN BELIEVE IN HIM,
I CAN BELIEVE IN MYSELF.
IT’S ALL THE SAME AS FAR AS
I’M CONCERNED.
HE AND I ARE PARTNERS, AND
THAT’S JUST THE WAY IT IS.
>> Kamina: DON’T WORRY.
WE GOT THIS ONE.
>> Dayakka: GLAD YOU’RE FEELING
UP TO IT.
BUT IF WE DON’T BEAT HIM,
WE LOSE OUR HOME.
BESIDES, THERE’S THIS GUY WE
KNOW, GOT HIMSELF SOME POWER BY
DOING SOMETHING NUTS.
I WONDER WHAT HE’LL DO NEXT.
>> Kamina: YOU GUYS’VE GOT GUTS.
I’LL GIVE YOU THE HONOR OF BEING
PART OF TEAM GURREN.
>> Dayakka: WHAT’S A
"TEAM GURREN?"
>> Kamina: IT’S A PLACE FOR
MANLY SOULS.
>> Dayakka: YEAH, I DON’T THINK
I GET IT, BUT WE’D BE HONORED.
>> Ron: WELL, NOW THIS IS ODD.
EVEN WITH THE KEY INSERTED,
IT’S NOT STARTING UP.
NO, THERE’S NOTHING WRONG WITH
IT MECHANICALLY.
>> Yoko: EVEN IF EVERYONE ELSE
FALLS, I WILL NOT TAKE ONE STEP
FROM THIS SPOT!
>> Simon: BUT, YOKO...
>> Yoko: ’CAUSE THIS IS THE ONLY
HOME WE’VE GOT.
’CAUSE WE’VE GOT NOWHERE TO RUN!
>> Ron: WELL, THEN...
GUESS IT’S DO‐OR‐DIE TIME.
[jets whooshing]
>> Viral: MY COMPLIMENTS, HUMAN.
INSTEAD OF RUNNING, YOU DECIDED
TO WAIT HERE FOR ME.
>> Kamina: YEAH, RIGHT BACK AT
YA FOR NOT RUNNING OR HIDING
FROM ME, YOU SORTA‐HUMAN,
SORTA‐ANIMAL FREAK.
>> Dayakka: OPEN FIRE!
>> Viral: SOMETHING ITCHES.
[yelling]
>> Dayakka: IT’S KAMINA!
>> Kamina: YOU GUYS ARE MEMBERS
OF TEAM GURREN NOW!
I AIN’T GONNA LET THIS GUY TAKE
YOU OUT LIKE THAT!
>> Viral: SAME OLD TRICKS.
DON’T YOU EVER LEARN?!
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
NO WAY.
>> Kamina: YAH!
[grunts loudly]
>> Viral: ON YOUR FEET!
READY TO DIE?
>> Simon: IT’S HOPELESS.
IT’S NO USE ANYMORE.
COME ON, BRO!
LET’S GIVE UP!
>> Yoko: TAKE A GOOD LOOK!
HE GETS UP AGAIN AND AGAIN.
YOU SEE?
AND HE’LL KEEP DOING IT UNTIL
YOU SHOW UP.
KAMINA ONCE SAID TO ME,
"DON’T BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
JUST BELIEVE IN THE ME THAT
BELIEVES IN YOU!"
SO HOW ’BOUT IT SIMON?!
>> Simon: I BELIEVE...
I BELIEVE...
I BELIEVE!
>> Viral: OH, GETTING UP AGAIN,
ARE WE?
>> Kamina: AIN’T NO WAY I’M
GONNA LET MYSELF GET TAKEN OUT
BY YOU!
>> Viral: IF NOTHING ELSE, I
MUST COMPLIMENT YOU, HUMAN...
ON NOT KNOWING...
WHEN TO GIVE UP!
>> Dayakka: KAMINA!
>> HE’S NO MATCH FOR HIM!
>> LOOK, IT’S GLOWING!
>> Viral: THIS TIME, IT’S REALLY
OVER.
WHAT THE‐‐
>> Kamina: HEH! WHAT KEPT YOU,
SIMON?
>> Simon: I’M SCARED.
I’M SO SCARED I CAN’T STAND IT.
BUT...
I CAN’T JUST STAND AROUND
WHILE YOU GET YOURSELF KILLED!
>> Kamina: WELL PUT, LITTLE
BROTHER!
IT’S TIME TO BREAK OUT THE
YOU‐KNOW‐WHAT!
ARE YOU READY TO DO THIS?!
>> Simon: THE WHAT?
BRO, WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
>> Kamina: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
WHAT THE HELL ELSE DO YOU THINK
I’M TALKING ABOUT?!
WE’RE GONNA COMBINE!
>> Simon: WE’RE GONNA COMBINE?!
>> Viral: THEY’RE GONNA
COMBINE?!
>> THEY’RE GONNA COMBINE?!
>> Yoko: THEY’RE GONNA COMBINE!
>> Ron: OH, PLEASE, HONEY.
>> Kamina: WE’LL NEVER KNOW
UNLESS WE TRY, WILL WE?!
YA SEE THAT?!
NOW WE GOT TWO FACES TOO!
WHADDYA THINK, FUZZ BALL!
WE’RE THE SAME AS YOU!
>> Viral: YOU’RE STUPID THROUGH
AND THROUGH, AREN’T YOU?
IT’S NOT THE NUMBER OF FACES!
IT’S THE LEVEL OF SKILL!
NOW DIE!
IMPOSSIBLE!
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
SIMON!
>> Simon: IT’S INCREDIBLE!
>> Kamina: THE HELL?
WHAT’S THIS?
>> Simon: WOW, WE WERE REALLY
ABLE TO COMBINE.
YOU WERE RIGHT, BRO.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
>> Kamina: SURE LOOKS
THAT WAY, DOESN’T IT?
>> Viral: WAIT!
HOW COULD YOU COMBINE?!
YOU’RE MERE HUMANS!
>> Kamina: YOU LIKE THAT,
GENERAL FUZZ BALL?
WE’RE TALL AS YOU ARE NOW!
>> Viral: GO TO HELL!
>> Kamina: OH, YEAH?
WELL, YOU FIRST!
>> Dayakka: A CROSS COUNTER?!
>> Kamina: REMEMBER THIS, YOU
FUZZ BALL!
COMBINING IS ALL ABOUT ONE
FIGHTING SPIRIT SLAMMING INTO
ANOTHER!
A COMBINING OF COURAGE THAT SETS
A MAN’S SOUL ON FIRE!
GURREN LAGANN!
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU
THINK I AM, FUZZ BALL?!
FROM HERE ON, THE NAME OF THIS
MECHA IS GURREN LAGANN!
>> Yoko: GURREN...
>> Dayakka: LAGANN.
>> Ron: OH, PUH‐LEEZE.
>> Viral: I CAN’T BELIEVE I’M
BEING FORCED TO USE MY SWORDS!
I UNDERESTIMATED YOU, HUMAN!
>> Kamina: I TOLD YOU, THE
NAME’S GURREN LAGANN!
>> Viral: WHAT HAPPENED?
HOW COULD HE SUDDENLY BECOME
SO POWERFUL?
ALL HE DID WAS ATTACH THAT
LITTLE GUNMEN!
HOW CAN THIS BE?!
>> Kamina: YOU’LL NEVER
UNDERSTAND, YOU FREAK!
>> Viral: HUMAN SCUM!
>> Kamina: NO DIRTY TRICKS,
YOU LITTLE‐‐
>> Yoko: KAMINA!
>> Dayakka: UNBELIEVABLE!
IT SURVIVED THAT ATTACK!
>> Yoko: WHOA, TALK
ABOUT TOUGH!
>> Ron: I WONDER IF THE BIG GUY
HAS A SPECIAL ENERGY FIELD THAT
NEUTRALIZES ENEMY ATTACKS.
OR PERHAPS THEY REALLY
ARE SPECIAL.
>> Kamina: WHERE’D YOU GO, YOU
SON OF A BITCH?!
>> Simon: HOLD UP, BRO!
>> Kamina: NOW WHAT?
>> Simon: CHASING HIM’S
A BAD IDEA.
YOU TWO ARE IN BAD SHAPE.
>> Kamina: SIMON?
>> Simon: IT’S NOT ’CAUSE
I’M SCARED.
WELL, I AM, BUT THAT’S NOT WHY
I THINK WE SHOULD STOP NOW.
IT’S SO WE CAN FIGHT
ANOTHER DAY!
>> Kamina: YA KNOW, THAT LEVEL
HEAD OF YOURS IS THE ONLY THING
THAT KEEPS ME ALIVE.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Kamina: NEVER MIND!
I’M GOOD.
[laughter]
>> Yoko: MAYBE YOU TWO MAKE GOOD
PARTNERS AFTER ALL.
YOU AND KAMINA, THAT IS.
>> Simon: YEAH.
>> Yoko: YEAH, SO, UM...
I’M SORRY I SAID SOME TERRIBLE
THINGS ABOUT YOU.
BUT NOW I KNOW BETTER.
>> Simon: THAT’S OKAY.
>> Ron: HELL‐OO‐OO!
I FOUND SOMETHING INTERESTING
IN HERE.
>> Yoko: YEAH, WHAT’D YOU FIND?
>> Ron: SOME DATA ON A RECALL
POINT IN GURREN’S PROGRAM FILES.
>> Simon: WHAT’S A RECALL POINT?
>> Ron: YOU REMEMBER HOW GURREN
HAD STARTED OUT AS AN
ENEMY GUNMEN?
WELL, THERE’S A PLACE IT GOES
TO FOR PICKUP.
>> Simon: ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
THEIR HEADQUARTERS OR SOMETHING?
>> Kamina: I’M SORRY, DAD.
BUT I GUESS IT’S ABOUT TIME I
MOVED ON FROM HERE.
BUT DON’T WORRY, ’CAUSE I’M
GONNA GO SEE WHAT’S OVER EVERY
HORIZON IN YOUR PLACE, OKAY?
>> Yoko: YOU’RE REALLY GONNA GO?
>> Simon: YEAH.
>> Kamina: WE FOUND OUT WHERE
THEIR HEADQUARTERS IS AT, SO
IT’LL BE A QUICK JOB TO
CRUSH IT!
>> Simon: I THINK I’LL BE
OKAY NOW.
IF I GET SCARED, I’LL JUST TOUGH
IT OUT.
[Boota grunts approval]
>> Dayakka: WELL, HERE YOU GO.
A LOT OF US WANT TO GO WITH YOU,
BUT YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
>> Kamina: HEY, PROTECTING YOUR
WOMEN AND KIDS IS AN
IMPORTANT JOB.
>> Dayakka: YEAH, I KNOW.
BUT LOOKING AT YOU GUYS,
I FEEL LIKE WE CAN AIM FOR MUCH
BIGGER THINGS TOO.
>> Kamina: YOU CAN!
HEY, WHAT DO YA THINK
YOU’RE DOIN’?!
>> Simon: YEAH, WHAT’S
WITH THOSE BAGS?!
>> Ron: OH, I JUST THOUGHT YOU
BOYS MIGHT NEED A TOP‐RATE
MECHANIC IS ALL. NO?
>> Kamina: WELL, I HADN’T
REALLY...
I GUESS SO?
>> Simon: UH, YEAH?
>> Yoko: ARE YOU SURE
THAT’S OKAY?
>> Dayakka: RON BEGGED US TO LET
HIM GO, SO I DIDN’T REALLY HAVE
A CHOICE.
>> Yoko: BUT HE...
>> Ron: I CAN’T LET THIS
PASS ME BY.
IT’S TOO FASCINATING!
BESIDES, IT’S POSSIBLE THAT
THESE BOYS MIGHT ACTUALLY MAKE
A CHANGE.
>> Yoko: OH, UH, CHANGE WHAT?
>> Ron: Y’KNOW, SOMETHING.
BE GOOD BOYS AND SEE TO MY
LUGGAGE, WOULD YOU?
>> Simon: WHO, ME?
>> Kamina: SEE YA AROUND!
>> Dayakka: HERE YA GO.
WE’LL LOOK AFTER LITTNER VILLAGE
WHILE YOU’RE GONE.
YOU HAVE YOUR OWN PATH TO
WALK DOWN.
BUT I NEVER THOUGHT YOU’D TURN
OUT TO BE A SUCKER FOR HIS
TYPE, YOKO.
[laughter]
>> Yoko: GEEZ, IT’S NOT
LIKE THAT!
THANKS A LOT, DAYAKKA!
>> Dayakka: TILL WE MEET AGAIN,
YOKO!
>> Kamina: LISTEN, IF YOUR BIG,
HEAVY BUTT SLOWS US DOWN,
WE’RE GONNA LEAVE YOU BEHIND.
YOU GOT THAT, PIT CHICK?
>> Yoko: OH, SHUT IT.
YOU WANT ME TO CRAM A COUPLE
OF LEAD SLUGS UP YOUR BUTT AND
OUT YOUR NOSE, MISTER LEADER?
>> Ron: HOLD ON, TEAM GURREN.
WHY DON’T WE SAVE THAT NASTY
STUFF FOR THE ENEMY.
>> Simon: YEAH! BEASTMEN!
>> Kamina: GOT THAT RIGHT!
LET’S GET IT ON, YOU FUZZ BALLS!
AND THIS TIME, WE’RE GONNA BRING
THE FIGHT TO YOU!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: FACES, FACES!
SAD FACES, SULKING FACES,
SMILEY FACES!
SMALL FACES, LARGE FACES,
ANGRY FACES!
HAPPY FACES, GUNMEN’S PALE
FACES.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"HAVING LOTS OF FACES
DOESN’T MAKE YOU GREAT!"